EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The provider of this computer software and its
employees and its agents are subject to U.S. export control laws that
prohibit or restrict (i) transactions with certain parties, and (ii)
the type and level of technologies and services that may be exported.
You agree to comply fully with all laws and regulations of the United
States and other countries (Export Laws) to assure that neither this
computer software, nor any direct products thereof are (1) exported,
directly or indirectly, in violation of Export Laws, or (2) are used
for any purpose prohibited by Export Laws, including, without
limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.

None of this computer software or underlying information or technology
may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to
a national or resident of) Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Syria or
any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's List of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Persons List,
Unverified List, Entity List, Nonproliferation Sanctions or General
Orders.  By downloading or using this computer software, you are
agreeing to the foregoing and you are representing and warranting that
you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or
resident of any such country or on any such list, and that you
acknowledge you are responsible to obtain any necessary
U.S. government authorization to ensure compliance with U.S. law.
